hi nice to meet you 
 my name is tianjian i come from gansu and graduated from bohai University with a bachelor degree
and i will graduate from East China Normal University in 3 month with my mater degree。and my major is software engineering

上一份工作
My last job was in a risk control company, my major work in that company is risk model build and knowledge graph Research and data mining

knowledge graph Research is the most important work in that company, 
i dominanted this preject and Participated the whole process of this preject from start to the end.
i have to say i really learnd a lot about knowledge graph and the Graph Embedding things.

个人爱好
i have lots of hobby , expect data mining and ml . in the spare time i wloud like to play bastketball and playing Guitar.
ok thank you this is my personal introduction


好工作定义
  i think a good jod should contain three point at least
      first the development of the job or the platform the company
	  
	  senond ,you need to interested in this jod ,otherwise ,you will never make good performance in the future work
	  
	  the third point i think it should be the salary, a good  salary pakeage will make company member have More passion on their own work
	  
好boss 好老板 定义	  
 good company or good boss should provide our employees a good paltform to develop to grow up,
 good boos should make the right person in the right position , lots of boos not qualified in this part 
 otherwise ,you will never make good performance in the future work
 other point, i think it should be the salary, a good  salary pakeage will make company member have More passion on their own work
	   
自我定位
 i think i am a Self driven person, my favorite thing is to finding valueable information in big data , this kind of work really  make me exciting turely.
 some times the leader will tell me the problem or work he wanted to implement, but he will never tell me how to implement it 
 so i need to take care all the things , such as the knowledge graph production , my boss tell he want me to build one,
 i have no idea with knowledge graph at all ,really i never hear about it in that time , so when i get the work goal, i will 
 finish it in the end.
 
未来发展
 in future work , i would like to do more research on data mining and knowledge graph , and this will be my life long career,
 so i want to do more work with NLP and  knowledge graph
 
处理工作难题
i have to say there really have many difficults in our daily work, when i face the difficult i will handle it by myself firstly,
google or baidu is the perfect method to deal with it, there have lots of relative knowledge for you to check, generally, you can find the 
anwer with the internet, otherwise, i will discuss it with my colleague or my friend to get more information ,



处理工作压力
i have to say there really have many work press in my last job ,it is a Frontline Internet company, there have more work stress in common business,
all stress should handled by youself generally, but i think we should have more communication with the leader or boss, after all communication alswaly
be a good way to fix the problem

你的英语，怎么样
i havent speak english for one half year,i dont speak english in my last job ,but i have been worked in citi group for six month ,
we speak english in daily meeting , and we use english to send email, i think pwc and citi have some same work environment, i can handle the oral communication

风控模型
we use xgboosting algorithm to build the risk model, 
firstly we need to choose the right data samples and split it to train data and test data 
th train data will train the model and we wiil save the best performance model ,then we will use the test data to estimate the performance of the model
we user KS and AUC to estimate the model ,also we can use precision or recall to deal with, 
finally we should replace the old model with it in our production environment, still we need to monitor the new model for a while 

知识图谱介绍
knowledge graph contains two kinds concept we should know, node and relationship, 
i use call record and emergencer data to be the graph relationship and the user or the phone number will be the node
then we can use the graph database to save the graph such as neo4j or titan
i developed lots of risk features with this graph , Graph Eembedding vector feature is one of the greatest feature in this job .
i also used some frontline graph algorithm to develop the high level graph feature,
such deepwalk, line, node2vec, Struct2vec, GCN  algorithm, some researcher in alibaba did great
work in this areas
in finally it prove that Graph Eembedding feature can improve the risk model performance in production environment

1. 背景介绍部分参考文献太少。
2. 表达比较口语化。应该多用连接语，使逻辑连贯。许多句子太长，应该适当结束。然后通过逻辑连接语继续写下去。
3. 段间距、行距、字体大小等应通篇统一
4. 得的地不分
5. 公式都应该有编号
6. 指代公式、表格、图片时，应该使用标号。如“如图3-4所示”，而不是“如上图”、“如下图”等。
7. 文章有多处有参考网络博文和图片的痕迹
8. 图片、表格、公式都应该有更详细的描述。
9. 大章之间是空几行还是分页，要统一
10. 应该加页码
11. 表名应该在表上方
12. 应通读全文，修改大量显而易见的错误。
13. 英语专有名词使用时大小写应该准确且全文一致，如DeepWalk、LINE等
14. 伪代码应该遵循特定的格式，可以参考其他人的论文
15. 很多图没有居中，大小需要调整，部分图模糊。
16. 不要使用网上的图片，尤其不可以带水印。绝对不可以有此现象，否则论文肯定过不了。


 


 